Add prep content for self coordinate (#691)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/how-our-curriculum-works/study-groups/index.md

+++
title="🫱🏾‍🫲🏿 Study groups"
headless="true"
time= 20
[objectives]
    1="Locate a study group block"
    2="Explain the importance of study groups"
+++

> In a flipped classroom, time in class is spent focused on active learning: we need to prioritise time and space for trainees to work on their backlog independently in small groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a flipped classroom, we spend our time in class focused on active learning: we need to prioritise time and space for trainees to work on their backlog independently in small groups.
```
